---
layout: page
title: Xiao Chengxin's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: AddressBook Level 3

AddressBook - Level 3 is a desktop address book application used for teaching Software Engineering principles. The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to undo previous commands.
  * What it does: allows the user to undo all previous commands one at a time.
  * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can make mistakes in commands and the app should provide a convenient way to rectify them.
  * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in future. It required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.
  * Credits: Adapted the existing feature from AB4 to fit our program.  

* **New Feature**: Added list abilities
  * What it does: allow the user to list all clients or orders 
  * Justification: This feature improves the product because a user is able to conveniently view the list of the clients or orders.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link]()

* **Project management**:
  * Managed releases `v1.3` - `v1.5rc` (3 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the GUI color scheme
  * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `undo` and `list` [\#72]()
    * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `done`, `delete`, `add order: [\#74]()
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implentation details of the `undo` and `list` feature.

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
  * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
